docs: Updated employee.md (HR Module) (#400)
frappe/erpnext_com: erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-type.md

# Leave Type

**Leave Type refers to types of leave allotted to an Employee by a company.** 

> > Human Resources > Leaves and Holiday > Leave Type > New Leave Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access Leave Type, go to:
> Home > Human Resources > Leaves and Holiday > Leave Type
```
is this incomplete?

Author: yes
